How are you all right?
Why doesn't my mom love me?
You said I was coming to pick up my daughter, I told you
You hold on.
Ali Ali
Ali
Ali, you must get better
Jade pendant?
Brother Mu is really you
Why did you steal the jade pendant?
Why are you talking?
What are you saying?
You stole the jade pendant
Peeked at the diary again
He also deliberately created a chance encounter with me
Isn't it to replace Jiang Yun?
What? Are you stupid?
I am Jiang Li.
I can replace God
and
After being kicked out by Dr. Su and my mother last night
I don't have a diary at all
I only brought out the jade pendant.
Or say
Su Yaruo, he peeked at my diary
He didn't tell you he was a coach, did he?
But he is a dignified lady of the Su family
Why are you using my identity?
And let my mom steal it
What about the jade pendant I gave you?
Brother Mo, I'm afraid I'll lose the jade pendant.
I've been collecting it at home
If the jade pendant was really stolen
Adi can tell me
Why didn't he say anything?
Unless he is the one who is really lying
So how can you prove
You are the real Jiang Yu
You have a mole on your butt.
I slept in bed for a week.
Also use a urine sima rain nest
As a result, the chicken eggs are
elder sister
Are you still using bitter meat to strip sympathy?